Commerce: Updated some articles (#6339)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-commerce/installation/install.md

## Prerequisites

For system requirements, see the [Requirements](requirements.md) article.

## Umbraco Commerce Installation

There are different ways to install Umbraco Commerce:

- [NuGet Package Installation](#nuget-package-installation)
- [Visual Studio Installation](#visual-studio-installation)

### NuGet Package Installation

Umbraco Commerce is available via [NuGet.Org](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Umbraco.Commerce/).

To install Umbraco Commerce via NuGet:

1. Run the following command in the NuGet Manager Console window:

   ```bash
   dotnet add package Umbraco.Commerce
   ```

2. Restart the application using the following command:

   ```bash
   dotnet run
   ```

### Visual Studio Installation

To install via Visual Studio, follow these steps:

1. Open your project in Visual Studio.
2. Go to **Tools** -> **NuGet Package Manager** -> **Manage NuGet Packages for Solution...**
3. Browse for **Umbraco.Commerce**.

   ![Installing Umbraco Commerce via the NuGet Package Manager](../media/v14/nuget-package-overview.png)

4. Select the appropriate version from the **Version** drop-down depending on the Umbraco version you are using.
5. Click **Install**.

> 6. Once the package is installed, open the **.csproj** file to make sure the package reference is added:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Ensure that the package reference is added to the **.csproj** file once the installation is complete:
```
